# Question C

Create an api that takes a string as input and returns a list of text insights from the top 5 google results of the query generated by those keywords. 

Test with the following string « keystone - Circular reference found role inference » . You will need to build a query , search the web (you can scrape google) , select the top 5 results and for each result scrape for the most relevant information on that page (relevant from a user’s perspective based on the original string ) . The response should contain the links to the websites that were scraped with the most relevant information (could be a text insight ,  a code snippet, a patch file, etc.) for each. In the response, feel free to add any other extra information that you think could be relevant.

## Setup

As the other question, you will need to have Python 3.x. But for this one, you will also need some extra modules, than can be installed with the following command.

`pip install flask flask_restful bs4 requests` 

## How to Run

To run the code, you need to start the server for the API and then interect with it. To run the server and initialize the API, type:

`python text_insights_api.py`

Then go to `http://localhost.com:5000/search/SEARCH_TERM` to see the result of the search, based on the `SEARCH_TERM`. For the search term asked in the question as test, just type the folowing in the address bar of your browser.

`http://localhost.com:5000/search/keystone - Circular reference found role inference`

## Explanation

To solve this question I decided to create a simple scraper of the Google search page, using it's own description of each link as the text insight, since it already shows the part most relevant to the search term.

For a more complex result I would use modules specific to this task, as SerpScrap. But this would increase the number of dependencies to the project. Other solutions would need Google API_keys and other burocracies, needed for a real project but not so interesting for a test.